Added comments and bolded label names in PR_TEMPLATE.md (#4223)
magento/devdocs: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Scope of this PR

<!-- REQUIRED We set [labels](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/contributor-guide/contributing.html#devdocs) based on the scope of changes with a PR. -->

- __New Topic__: Entirely new documents
- __Major Update__: Significant new info: new section in existing topic, etc.
- __Technical__: Changes to technical content/code/processes/naming conventions (any change to technical content)
- __Editorial__: Typos, grammatical inconsistencies, or minor rewrites

> <!-- Note the scope of this PR by leaving one of the options and deleting the others. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Communicate the scope of your PR by leaving the applicable option(s) visible and deleting the others. -->
```
